I'm Wesley Morris and this is
Cannonball.
[Music]
Last month I spent a week eating two
lunches a day. One the New York Times
cafeteria made. That one was actual food
and it was good. The New York Times
culture department made the other one.
That one was a list of the 100 greatest
movies of the 21st century. voted on by
more than 500 actors, writers,
producers, directors, costume designers,
screenwriters, production people, folks
who just make our movies. They voted on
that list and every day for 5 days, the
paper released a batch of 20 ranked
movies, starting with Superb Bad at 100
and ending with Parasite hoisting the
championship belt. I devoured both the
food and the countdown some days
at the same time. I did them both. And
then the next week, the paper did this
crazy thing and released a second poll
of more than 200,000 readers. 200,000.
That's more people than participate in
some elections. So what the people do?
They put Avengers Endgame at number 100.
No surprise. But guess what? The people
also crown parasite miss movie list
pageant queen sass Shante Bong Junho
sache sache sache like a lot of people I
love a countdown it's a shopping list
it's a suspense novel it's a reality
check it's a call to arms this one well
I'm calling it a lunch but really I ate
it like I was at a repast because every
day I'd get my new helping of movies and
I'd shed a tiny tear thinking about the
future. Like when it's 2050, what on
earth are the great movies of the next
quarter century going to look like? That
is a great question for today's
co-pilot, my friend Eric Hines. Now,
he's the director of film curation and
programming at the Jacob Burns Film
Center about an hour away from New York
City in good old Pleasantville, New
York. But he and I have been friends
since we worked together at Kim's video
24 years ago. Oh my god.
Woo. And we've been talking about how
art makes us feel and why these lists
matter all this time. Because we're not
here to bury the movies. Contrary to
where certain Hollywood studios think we
are. We want them alive and we're here
to praise them. Eric, welcome to
Cannonball.
[Music]
Hi, Eric.
>> Hello, Wesley.
>> Thanks for coming to Cannonball. I've
never said that to you. No. How's it
make you feel?
>> I like it.
>> Okay.
>> You cannot like it.
>> No, but I I knew this was a name you
wanted for it, so I'm glad.
>> I've never said it at you, though.
>> Cannonball.
>> Um, hi.
>> Hello.
>> Um, okay. So, what? No, I was just going
to say you you basically said that we
met 24 years ago with Kim's video and
this is a list of the greatest films of
the last 25 years. So, it basically
spans our friendship.
>> Yes.
>> Which is a little something. I don't
know.
>> That's I mean, you and I met at Kim's
video and I we should say I just take it
as fact that everybody knows what Kim
is, but there's no way in the world
nobody nobody knows where this place is,
especially now. Um, how would we
describe
what what kind of video store it was?
Definitely it was cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, is a New York institution
>> mini chain.
>> Yeah. There were a few locations.
>> Um, and we had we had Oh my god. We had
the best movies. We also sold books. Um,
but we had the reputation of being the,
you know, the apotheiois of a video
store. And its DNA was kind of the DNA
of anything cool or punk or New York or
downtown in the sense that it basically
was, you know, um a a a Korean American
businessman who owned a laundromat in
East Village and then started when this
was a thing in 1978, 1979 and people
started getting VCRs, he started renting
out movies from his laundromat. That
exploded. It became a video store. Um,
and then he just kind of opened up some
others and they were all very handmade.
They were very kind of ramshackle.
Um, and that the stereotype of the video
store clerk being kind of smarter than
you and cooler than you, like very much
like the the consmate version of that at
the
>> taken very seriously at Kim. But we had
a little bit of this. I was one of these
little snarky [__] who when you
brought the man from Snowy River up to
the counter, I would be like, "No. you
got you can do better. Come bring
another Disney movie back. Um, but I
also think that what was interesting
about that period was you were getting a
sense of what people were into
>> and you could steer tastes, you could
help people figure out how to spend an
evening.
>> Um, we it was a kind of concierge
service.
>> Oh yeah.
>> If people were interested in having us
help, which they every day were. Do you
remember one of the first conversations
that we had at that store? What movie it
was about?
>> Was it about Mahalland Drive?
>> Yes.
Um, so you remember, I'm not making this
up.
>> No.
>> Um, Mahaland Drive opened
I think October of 2001.
So it's after September 11th. I had
moved to New York that August.
>> Okay.
>> And you know, I knew it was a thing.
>> Um, it was David Lynch, of course it was
a thing.
>> Yeah. And I go with some friends to see
this movie Maul Holland Drive. And for
an hour
I'm like,
why are we pretending that that this the
guy's this guy still has it?
>> This is very bad. So for me, this is a
terrible movie until
>> Mhm. Naomi Watts, who is giving one of
the worst performances I've ever seen,
>> goes to do her screen test for this
audition for this bad movie.
>> You're still here? I came back. I
thought that's what you wanted.
>> Nobody wants you here.
>> Really?
>> And you think one of the worst actors
you've ever seen, cuz I never seen her
before. I don't remember her in Tank
Girl. Apparently, she was in it.
>> Yeah.
>> Never seen this woman before. And I'm
like, "Oh, she's gonna she's going to
get a job acting. I can't believe she
got this job acting." She goes and does
this screen test.
And I can remember,
>> you're playing a dangerous game here.
If you're trying to blackmail me,
it's not going to work.
I mean, I remember my mind just trying
to leave my head with how hot the thing
she is doing in that screen test is.
>> Get out before I call my dad.
>> And I'm like, oh, wait a minute. This
shitty performance
was on purpose
and all this other weird stuff. I just
forgot whose movie I was watching. Um,
and I came to you having had this movie
blow my mind and I said, "Eric
Mall and Drive.
I can't believe it."
>> Um, when did you see it?
>> I think after you. It was a little after
you.
>> Was the first hour not working for you?
>> I wouldn't say I was did not have your
reaction of this is bad. Um, but I
definitely had a fel feeling of that
being kind of flat and I couldn't
understand the pacing and then that
scene and then Sencio and then just my
>> Well, I just remember having this
conversation with you and being like I
think you were the only person at Kim
who had seen it.
>> And I was like, well, in addition to
everything else you've got going on, um,
>> I like the way that you're talking to me
about this movie.
>> And so
>> I was excited by it. I I just found it
so thrilling cuz that experience like I
didn't again know the exact same
experience and I don't even remember all
the details of my experience but that
feeling of having something turn over on
itself. Yes.
>> And then by the end you're like this is
one of the greatest things I've ever
seen in my entire life and an hour and
15 minutes ago I didn't
>> I didn't understand what the value of
this was at all.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. But
>> okay this movie
>> Yeah.
>> because what we came here to do is talk
about this list. It is number two on the
New York Times list of the greatest
movies of the 21st century.
Are you surprised by that?
>> No, I actually thought it was going to
be one. Okay.
>> Um,
>> and to me it says something. We could
get to a lot of things here about how
something that was recognized as being
great. It was in a lot of sort of best
of the year of that moment, but was
contentious to some degree. Not
everybody got it. A lot of people
thought it was too long, whatever. It
was too arty, etc. Um, but 24 years
later, it is something that you can kind
of sit back and recognize as being an
extraordinary piece of work. Sometimes
it takes that long for a film to go from
a a little thing that some people who
like art cinema like to the thing that
kind of everybody knows is one of the
greatest films of the century.
>> What else stood out to you about the
list?
>> I mean, so many I mean, I I you know,
we're going to talk about what's not
here. That's that's how we work. That's
how we we think. So, there's plenty
there, but of what is there, um, you
know, there's h there's stuff I'm really
happy to see here. Um, you know, I think
that the top 10 or so is pretty strong
and pretty interesting.
>> Um, I like that there's an animated film
in the top 10.
>> Yeah, let's just I'll go through the top
10 real quick. Number 10's The Social
Network. Aaron Sorcin wrote The Social
Network. David Fincher directed The
Social Network.
>> Number nine is Spirited Away. Uh, hey
Miyazaki. Uh, Jordan Peele's Get Out is
number eight. Number seven is Eternal
Sunshine of the Spotless Minds directed
by Michelle Gandry from a screenplay by
Charlie Kaufman. No Country for Old Men
is number six, The Cohen Brothers
adapting Cormack McCarthy. Um,
Moonlight, Barry Jenkins, writing with
um Terrell Mccrainy. Um, In the Mood for
Love, um, by Juan Car. Uh, There Will Be
Blood, Paul Thomas Anderson adapting
Upton Sinclair. Mohalland Drive. David
Lynch doing David Lynch and number one I
said it already but Parasite by Bong Jun
Hoe um writing with two other people I
believe whose names have escaped me.
>> Good for you for bringing in the writers
on this. I think it's I think it's
important I think it's important to say
that like these are I mean because these
movies maybe not so much Mahal and Drive
right but I mean these are written these
are written movies interesting
>> and I think that the screenwriting for
it for I mean for most of these movies
are the thing that allows the film
making to be as wild and weird and crazy
as it some of these movies get.
>> Um
I I that's our top 10. So, you see that
and you think, "What?"
>> Well, I I think there's an animated film
in there. That's fantastic. There are
three non-English language films in the
top 10. That's fantastic. That says, I
think, something probably says something
about the group of people that were
pulled, but also says something about
the significance of international cinema
in the 21st century. Um, not that it
wouldn't have been the case in the 20th
century also, but I still feel like in a
moment like this where there's a lot of
things working against the idea of uh us
going to see foreign films, it's kind of
nice to see three remaining in the top
10. But to your point about the thing
that has changed about how most of us
are experiencing movies in terms of
borders and access,
>> the reader list is almost identical to
the makers list, right? Parasites number
one, Mah and Drive is number two.
>> Y
>> um Interstellar and The Dark Knight are
in the top 10 here, whereas Get Out and
Moonlight are farther down at 18 and 17
on the readers list. and Spirit Away,
Eternal Sunshine, Social. Everything
else is the same except for the two
Nolan movies plus um Mad Max Fury Road.
>> Yes.
>> Is in the readers top 10 where is number
it was number 11 on the makers list.
>> Still impressive either way.
>> Yes. Really impressive. Um, so
I think that like a huge shift between
what this poll would have been like 10
years ago,
>> um, or you know, or 25 years ago
>> and now is people's comfort like like
the increasing comfort with experiencing
other people's cultures,
>> their storytelling,
>> um, the internationalization of how
movies are funded um, and shot. Um, I
also think that having generations of
people experience all screen culture
with subtitles
really takes the stigma out of movies
with subtitles.
>> It's such a huge change.
>> Huge change.
>> Yes.
>> Um, which I was even late to recognizing
as being a phenomenon how much subtitles
are just a simply part of the regular
viewing habits, especially at home for
people.
>> Yeah. I don't like it.
>> I don't either.
>> But I think it matters. I think it
really does like open people's appetite
up for anything because they're already
reading subtitles in languages they
already speak. All right. Well, let's
talk about what's Oh, wait. Is there
anything else this list is telling you
by what's on it? Is there anything
interesting to you being argued here?
>> I don't think anything being argued
here. I do. Um, it's interesting certain
names that pop up more than once.
>> That's a story.
>> Uh, and so you've got like the Cohen
brothers on here a number of times.
>> The Cohen brothers have have four movies
here.
>> Wes Anderson's on here a number of
times.
>> He's got two movies. Yes. The Troy Tenon
Bombs and um, Grand Budapest Hotel.
Right. Correct.
>> Can I read you the top vote getters? Uh,
five Christopher Nolan movies. Four
movies each for Alfonso Quiron, The
Cohens, and PT Anderson. Paul Thomas
Anderson and Tarantino also had four
movies I believe.
>> Three for David Fincher, two Scorsese,
two Wes Andersons, two Link Letters, two
Bong Junhoes. There might be somebody
else with two movies. I'm forgetting. Um
11 movies by women.
>> Mhm.
>> Uh plus the screenplay for for
Bridesmaid. So that's 12, I would say.
Um and three black men.
>> Those are pretty low.
>> And one Asian-American woman.
So I you know that's a story is
>> um
I'm not I'm gonna screw the math up, but
like
>> 33% of this movie is
>> is like
>> those people.
>> Yeah. Like like six directors.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> that's really interesting. This is a
quarter century defined by a kind of
octurous sensibility plus what I'm gonna
maybe make you reconsider your lunch by
saying like the the the sensibility of
the Marvel
Cinematic Universe, right?
>> So you've got and you know which is not
that apparent on either list, but you
know in terms of what the last 25 years
have looked like, right? Of course,
>> on the one hand, you've got these men
with great visions, and then you've got
these companies with with IP.
>> And I thought there would be more
tension between these two things once
you opened it up to 200,000 people.
>> Sure.
>> But that isn't really the case.
>> But do you think that has something to
do with like Times readers?
>> It could be, but I don't know that all
the readers who subs who who who
participated are subscribers.
>> Probably not. However, I don't know that
the Avengers Endgame mega fans were the
ones who sort of voting on this on mass.
>> Sure.
>> Whereas another publication, they might
have shown up.
>> Yeah. Possible, possible, possible. But
with this data set,
>> Yeah.
>> like 200,000 people, I feel like that's
enough of a cross-section to tell you
something, right?
>> Totally. Absolutely. Yeah.
>> Um, what else?
>> No Michael Man.
>> No Michael Man. No Park Chan Wook.
>> Yeah.
>> No Picha Pong.
>> No.
>> Peach Pong were ethical. Um, Claire
Deni.
>> No. Claire Deny. Um, I had to think
about that. Um, I Who else? Um,
>> well, I'm going to take this.
>> No. Mike Lee.
>> Mike Lee. Yeah.
>> No. Spikeley.
>> One. Angley.
>> Well, I'm going to take this moment to
say there's only three documentaries on
this list.
>> Yes. Cleaners and Eye.
>> Yes. Grizzly Man and The Act of Killing,
which I gotta say, I can't believe The
Act of Killing is on this list.
>> Well, I mean, it is actually
>> I am surp I'm happily surprised.
>> I have actually talked to a lot of
narrative filmmakers in particular over
the years and that film comes up a lot.
It was seen by a lot of people and it
still gets watched by a lot of people uh
within the industry. So, I actually
wasn't that surprised because I've heard
it come up a lot.
>> Okay. I really would love to hear you
talk about the act of killing. Joshua
Oppenheimer movie came out in 2012. I
think it is a real achievement of
humanity
despite everything it's about.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. hearing a story of these
Indonesian
gangsters who essentially
wound up in a military coup killing
starting in 1965 and going on for
decades, you know, killing millions of
Indonesians.
>> Um, on the grounds of there being
communists when really they just opposed
the militarization of their country. Um,
and this filmmaker Joshua and Joshua
Oppenheimer essentially asks these
people, these men who killed these
people, um, since they're running around
town bragging to them about all the
people they've killed. What would it
mean for you guys to maybe reenact some
of those killings for yourselves? Um,
thinking I think, and you can argue with
me here, thinking that there was a
possibility that this psycho drama that
he was
witnessing with his camera would somehow
result in some sort of changing of mind
>> or traumatic response, whereas I think
the inability to recognize that they are
psychopathic murderers is the trauma
response. The compartmentalization is
the trauma.
>> I think that's entirely true. I mean it
is uh it is a wild film. It it's
basically from the point of view of
perpetrators telling their own story
with a certain degree of awareness of
like maybe this isn't a great thing to
tell. Maybe this is not something you
should admit to. But that kind of like
dissonance between owning it and
bragging about it and being somewhat
aware of why you know this is you know
this is immoral and why maybe the entire
society has fallen apart because you
were part of this. But also I feel like
in some ways like the film like one of
the films of the century in terms of
kind of defining how we make sense of
humanity um in in sort of modern times
in the sense of like this being
>> the sense of impunity. You know that's
the word that was that comes up a lot
with that film. If you feel like there's
no consequences for your behavior, what
happens? And this is what happens.
>> Um
movie stars.
>> Yeah.
very good list for certain of them.
>> Brad Pitt,
>> DiCaprio.
>> Those are the stars who appear the most.
>> Okay.
>> Um
>> what's the tally? What's I know you got
the stats.
>> Three Brad Pitts, four DiCaprios.
Um one, they're in the same movie, Once
Upon a Time in Hollywood. Um, but not a
big I mean there are stars on the list,
but I find it interesting that those
those would be the two stars of the
decade.
>> Um, or this part of the decade. Um,
they're also the stars of the last
decade.
>> Exactly. Yeah. They're 90s stars that
are now the biggest now.
>> I mean, I feel like that's that probably
speaks to the star machine as different
now than it was or it's not as strong.
uh it's not as relevant. I think
Hollywood definitely moved away from
depending on the star machine like
right. So if if the studio becomes the
star and if the brand is the star you
don't really have to have you know a
leading man carry the day and get paid
$50 million to do the project. And that
was how Hollywood sort of reformed
things. So it kind of makes sense that
the ones who are the biggest stars are
the ones who were the biggest stars. Tom
Cruz is is in there obviously too.
>> Yeah. once in Minority Report.
>> Weird.
>> Um, but I think to your point, these two
people, Brad Pitt and Lonardo DiCaprio,
are two people who never went near a
superhero movie,
>> right? Like we un they managed to keep
their superheroess,
the mystique of it intact for themselves
without co-mingling it with,
you know, Marvel's
superheroes. And I feel like that is
telling to me. Um either because the
people who go in there never come out
the same. Um I mean I can't think of
there are very few people who come out
of that superhero movie experience
unscathed in terms of the choices they
make on the other side.
>> Um or how we receive them, right? What
do you I mean, does it mean anything to
you that it's these two guys, Brad Pitt
and DiCaprio?
>> Well, I think it's it helps that they're
actors who have been associated, who've
kind of like been barnacles
>> on the the side of certain big male
ships like
>> Tarantino.
>> Yes.
>> You know, um
>> Scorsese
in Cabrio's case.
>> Yeah, exactly. Um and Nolan, of course.
I think that's the big factor here is
>> yes they are 90s stars that have hung
around and uh you know through this era
they've kind of um withstood the kind of
pressure against the studios to sort of
build up new stars that are going to be
too expensive for them but also yeah I
think it's the filmmakers themselves
that they've associated with um and
those alliances are still paying off
those those they're they're still
collaborating what about female stars
any trends on here are there any like
customers.
>> I mean, Sandra Bulock,
>> yeah,
>> is in Gravity, which is at the bottom of
the list.
>> Um,
Julia Roberts is in Oceans 12. I mean,
there are some there are some things,
you know, Kate Blanchett in
>> Mhm.
>> Um, these are the things that are coming
to mind. There are women in these movies
obviously. Um, but these are not, you
know, bridesmaids.
>> Yeah. might be the biggest movie on the
list that is entirely about women. Um
that isn't a love story between a woman
and a man,
>> right?
>> Um Mahal and Drive obviously is its own
beast.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but yeah, no, I mean there no there
is no there's no Julia Roberts or Sandra
Bulock equivalent of anything Brad Pitt.
>> You'd expect if there would be one it
would be Scarlett Johansson and I think
she's here a few times in supporting.
>> Yeah, she's here. She's on the list in
Under the Skin
and um Lost in Translation
at least. Definitely those two.
>> Also her
>> and her. Yes. Her voice is there.
>> Mhm. Um yeah. So that would be the one I
would expect from this entry, but I
guess even that not so much.
>> Right. Also, I would include Francis Han
on our list of our our women's list,
right? Greta Gerwig,
>> yes,
>> wrote that stars in it. Um, Ladybird is
here, but that's the only Gerber movie
on the list.
>> It's unfortunately though, we have to
kind of stretch things to get more women
on the list. There's sort of it's under
reppresented period.
>> Oh, sure. I mean, the reason to bring it
up, Yeah.
>> is that it it's not happening on the
list.
>> Um, and it's not so much that there were
people who were omitted, it's that there
isn't enough work being made by women
>> to omit.
>> Yes.
>> You know, relative to men. Um,
>> especially if you're going to I mean, we
talked about how it's it's great that
there's representation of international
cinema, but if there was even more
representation of international cinema,
there probably would be a few more women
here. And if there were more documentary
representation here, there would also be
a few more women. So, it's kind of like
triangulation of keeping certain names
off this.
>> There's a lot of overlap. But I mean,
just staying in our little movie star
conversation for a second, Tom Cruz is
part of one of one of my favorite star
filmmaker alliances. So represented one
time on this list. It only happened
twice, but one of their pairings um is
at the bottom of the list, and it's the
only movie on the list by this filmmaker
named Stephen Spielberg. Yeah.
>> Do you know him?
>> I mean, isn't he more of a 20th century
filmmaker, isn't he?
>> No. Eric,
can I just read you something? Yeah.
>> I just want to do it. I'm going to read
you Stephen Spielberg's 2001
to 200 what? 2022. We'll stop at 22.
Artificial AI artificial intelligence
minority report. Catch me if you can.
The Terminal, War of the Worlds, Munich,
Indiana Jones, and the Kingdom of the
Crystal Skull. I know, but still people
win.
>> The Avengers of Tinten, Warhorse,
Lincoln, Bridge of Spies, The BFG,
The Post, Ready Player One, Westside
Story, and The Fablemans. I mean, who
did better?
I mean, I'm not saying that every one of
those movies is a masterpiece.
>> Sure.
>> But
>> I'm glad you're not
>> that.
What's your problem?
>> No, I mean, I love I I mean, I love
Spielberg and I love this list. I think
it's been a fantastic century, but there
are few that are far from
>> Okay. Yeah,
>> I bow down. But the
I I think the reason to invoke his name
in this way is for two reasons. One, I
don't think
in terms of what the things that we say
we go to the movies to experience are,
um, which I still think are true.
I don't think anybody got better at
giving it to us than he did versus his
previous 25 years, which are the 25
years that made him the Steven
Spielberg. Right.
>> I think his risks have gotten greater. I
think his swings have gotten bigger.
Like it's um it's extraordinary what
he's done for the second half of his
career. What What are the films that you
think that you were surprised were not
on here of him? By him, if not all Well,
obviously not all of them, but which are
the ones you're like, "How is this not
here?
I should say before I answer this
question, you will hear my list later.
Yeah.
>> And there will be no Spielbergs on it.
So I'm as guilty as everybody else.
>> Fair.
>> But um I thought AI would have been
there.
>> I propose that we build a robot child.
Okay.
>> So this movie is about this couple whose
only son dies, right? And they replace
him with this robot named David. And
he's played by Haley Joel Osmitt.
>> Yeah. I mean, one of the great child
performances.
>> I mean, it's incredible. Yes. Haley.
>> And um he plays this AI robot who never
ages. Like classic Steven Spielberg, the
guy who made the Peter Pan movie Hook.
And basically is programmed to love this
couple unconditionally
for the rest of their lives and for the
rest of his eternal life. And it is
shockingly
it is I mean his movies are always
shockingly deep to me
>> but I actually I felt like that would
have been the one that would have had
the most
>> profound
shift in how we appreciate and receive
it because it's just an like there's so
much premonition in it. Um I don't know.
I think the problem with with AI's
afterlife is that it will it'll forever
be
received as Spielberg
daring having the uh the affronttery
>> to touch a Stanley Kubri property.
Right. This was a movie that Stanley
Kubri was originally going to make.
>> It was one of those projects that he was
working on for decades. Um, but in the
end, uh, he actually brought it to
Spielberg and said, "You would be the
right person to make this. I don't think
I'm the right person to direct this
movie."
>> And people didn't believe that. Yeah.
>> I mean, people didn't believe it. It was
like, "Oh, whatever you say, Steve. I
mean, yes, Kubric brought you a movie.
Okay, that's cute."
>> I I mean, I This is a This is a film. My
journey with this film is similar, I
think, to what we're talking about in
terms of this. I was one of those people
who saw it through the lens of Kubric,
who I revered at that moment. thought it
was Trile, you know, dismissed it. Oh,
really? Was angry
>> and then maybe three years later, pretty
quickly afterwards after people that I
trusted insisting that I revisit it,
then I watched it as if I had never seen
a frame of it and I was a wreck and I've
since watched it about I don't know 12
times. Each time I am a wreck. I think
it's the saddest story ever told which
is ludicrous to say
>> and it has to be Spielberg telling the
story because it is a fairy tale. It is
told in the form of a fairy tale. And so
you have to actually plausibly pull off
the tone of a fairy tale. You cannot
critique the fairy tale. You cannot,
it's not a satire. It cannot be cutting
against it. It has to be fully embodying
a fairy tale. But then also if the
content of it and where it actually goes
and what it means is so profoundly sad.
>> Yes, this is so much a movie about being
the child of a mother. and he's famously
tends to tell stories about fatherhood
and sons. So to make a film about
motherhood and relationship with the
mother is it stands out.
>> Yeah. And there's this one gut-wrenching
scene when the mother she takes David,
her robot son, to the woods where she
basically plans to abandon him. This is
like a this is a fairy tale. It's a
fable because she knows that this
adoption it it's just not going to work
for her. And he has sent off fablelike
pickares like into the world.
>> I'm sorry. I'm not real. If you let me,
I'll be so real for you.
>> I I don't think I can I I risk crying
talking to you right now if I go on to
this more. Is a robot AI.
>> This is the place where you can do it
because
>> is an AI.
>> I'm going to be crying a lot on this
show. So other people's tears are
welcome. an AI child who is built to
love. That is his program. He's supposed
to love as a child loves and the world
the world crashes. His mother is
deceased. It's but he has not stopped
loving and he will never stop loving.
>> Can I just Can I just say something?
>> Yeah.
>> You are the person who made me
reconsider my feelings about that movie.
a movie that I watched when you watched
it when it came out. Didn't think much
of it. Um, we went to dinner one night.
I don't know if you remember this. And I
was I think I was kind of like mixed on
the Fablemans.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And I I did not love that movie.
I didn't love it the way you loved it.
>> And I remember exactly where we were
actually. We were at a bar. It wasn't
dinner. It was after dinner.
and
>> plausible.
>> You
tore me up. You gave me a Fableman's
beating. And then you said this movie
that Steven Spielberg made ostensibly
about his his mother and his growing up
in the family he grew up in.
This is the key to everything this
movie. And then you went back to AI and
made this case about like AI being the
most extraordinary of this wing of the
Stephen Spielberg
>> filmography.
>> And you basically said some version of
what you just said to me. I went back
and I watched it. I took a lot of notes.
It sent me on a Stephen Spielberg. You
can I'll show it to you where you can
see it with your own two eyes. Yeah.
>> These are my This is my AI. I was ste 22
years of Stephen Spielberg. I went back
and watched all of those movies that I
just read and AI is just
I mean for one thing there is the that
the passage when when Haley Joel Osmond
he winds up
going to this carnival where he meets
the Jew law character who's the name the
character's name escapes me. You will
know what this guy's name is.
>> Oh jeez. No. Now you're embarrassing me.
It's the flesh fair, which is the
carnival, um
>> where basically AI these these AI
creatures are essentially tortured,
abused,
um for fun, for sport, for
entertainment,
>> right?
>> Um it's kind of like a Mad Max movie,
>> but with
non non-human people,
>> but but in Spielberg's world, obviously,
they're the most human people. and
>> these discarded robots being slaughtered
and all you're thinking is, you know,
you're feeling for the
>> Okay, now I'm going to cry because one
of the robots is like has Chris Rock's
voice.
>> Can you kind of shoot me over the
propeller thing?
>> Yeah, I don't need to go through it. I I
was considering it, but I changed my
mind.
>> Gentlemen,
>> and at some point they take this Chris
Rock character and they put him in a
cannon, right? They're about to like I
think they're about to basically blow
him up. Basically, they're going to
lynch this this this black character,
this black sounding character.
[Applause]
And you understand that
Spielberg is capable of
taking all the things he couldn't really
bring himself to do in Amastad,
>> all the stuff he couldn't quite bring
himself to do on The Color Purple,
the the ways in which he was afraid to
I think he finds cruelty fascinating. I
think the act of killing might be a
movie that is fas is as fascinating to
him
>> as as any other movies that we know
fascinate him.
>> I think he does not understand evil and
meanness
and there's a way that he can't explore
that in something like Schindler's List.
No, cuz I think he's somebody who works
in metaphor and displacement.
>> There's got to be the thing. There got
to be the other thing that allows you to
talk about that thing. Like I just feel
like that there's a certain emotional
psychological thing with him. If it's a
metaphor, if there's something in
between reality for him,
>> yes,
>> he can actually go he can go he can
really go there. This is a celebration
of life and this is commitment to a
truly human future.
>> I think it is such a plausible
deniability zone for him.
>> Yeah.
>> Like he's like, "But it's a metaphor.
Don't come at me. Don't come at me."
That's why ET is like as good as it
gets. And Amastad, which is very similar
to ET as a narrative, is a problem.
>> Not on the list. But I feel like he is
present on this list even though he's
only on the list one time because those
movies are made by his children who are
all over this list,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, Bong Jun Hoe, Christopher Nolan,
Dener, I'm talking about both lists now.
Um, Quiron, I mean Jordan Peele,
>> I feel like he has
>> he has reared a generation of filmmakers
and these are the people who are just
coming to mind right now.
>> Yeah.
>> But but but I Let's Can we think through
what the properties are that do make the
people who are ostensibly his progyny?
I'm saying this, you don't even have to
agree,
>> but I feel like he is present on this
list even though he's only on the list
one time on both these lists.
>> And and I think and not to sort of like
lump them in since just because they're
the same generation, but I think
Scorsese also like you can't there's so
many of these that you know Tarantino is
all I mean this all comes from scratch.
But I feel like Scorsesei has been
sufficiently
accolated, saluted during this this part
of his career, the 21st century part of
his career. I feel like Spielberg
>> Interesting.
>> Less so. Less so. Do you buy the idea of
someone like Bong Junho being one of
these descendants?
>> Sure. Absolutely. I think he would I
think he would say the same thing.
>> But that means by extension
>> Yeah. that the number one movie on this
list,
>> yeah,
>> is operating in what felt to me the
first time I saw it as functioning
within
some sort of Spielberg schema, right? I
mean, we're talking about Parasite. It's
basically a family movie.
It's a duplex family movie. There's a
poor South Korean family that
brilliantly connives and schemes its way
into jobs working as servants and and
helpers for this richer family with a
very nice house. And this is a much
darker movie than Spielberg would make
like in terms of the explicitness of the
darkness. This is an allegory. There are
no metaphors, right?
>> There's nothing. Bong Juho is not hiding
behind anything here.
>> Um, are you surprised that it's first?
>> Um, I'm not super surprised. I thought
it would be towards the top. I
>> Um, I'm glad that it's here. I mean,
it's not it's not my choice. It's none
of my top 10, but at the same time, like
the fact that the number one film of the
century for a poll is a non-English
language um class war um uh you know,
unatategorizable thriller. Like, that's
fantastic. That's great. Nothing wrong
with this. Nothing not great about it.
Nothing not great about it winning all
those Academy Awards either. Um, so no
complaints here. And I think that uh
it's a film that I I do think that it's
a film that a lot of people see
themselves in and maybe they they're
surprised that they do.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, you don't expect to see this
Korean film as being like a lens unto
your own family or lens unto your own
sense of self in the world, your own
sense of possession and domestic life,
etc. Like it's a film that I think that
really takes people by surprise about
how much it ultimately is about them.
>> It is
I mean
the
toxicity of American values
that kind of affects the rich family
>> like the the American mythos that is
helping oppress South Korean people. I
think people in every other country of
the world, including including the ours,
can recognize even in these like just
having, you know, stereotypical
Native American headdresses, right,
during the climactic blood bath, right?
I mean, we love a blood bath. We're very
familiar with blood baths. Um, but this
is a blood bath with stakes. It's a
blood bath about something. And it's
also a farce that turns into a tragedy,
which is very hard to do tonally. Um,
but the farce and the tragedy are about
people
and their lives as being lived at this
very second. Um, there's a universality
in this movie's completely idiosyncratic
craziness.
>> I I had one question. We should move on,
but I had one question. Is there
anything on this list that you cannot
believe is on the list? Either because
like how did this make it or how you
know? Um yeah, how did this make it? One
way or the other.
>> Oh man, I'm going to hold the list in my
hands. It's we printed it out and
um there's nothing here. None of my no
movies I hate. There are a lot of
directors I don't enjoy, but I don't
think the movies don't make sense to me
or I wish they weren't here. There are a
lot of things obviously I wish Yeah. I
don't know. This just all makes sense to
me. What about you?
>> I did not expect among makers that there
would still be love for Amaly.
>> Oh. Oh my god. Yes. Why is it? But yes.
Yes.
>> I thought within a year or two we had
sort of moved on from Amaly. The fact
that it's here is shocked me.
>> People still have the haircut, Eric.
people still want to be her. And every
every three years there's some
generation of person that's like nobody
told me how come no it's never how come
nobody told me about like bamboozled.
It's never how come nobody told me about
the entire career of Anas Varda. It's
like how come nobody told me about about
there's a whole there's a whole
lookbook. Nobody told me. Yeah. Get out
of here. Sorry buddy. So Eric,
>> so the
>> you've got 10 movies
>> that encapsulate this 21st century of
ours, this this portion, this quadrant
of this 21st century of ours that we
have already lived.
>> Hit me. Go from 10 to one.
>> So I have adjusted this a little bit
before between a couple days ago and now
because
>> I think it worth taking a moment and
saying these are what we think are the
greatest films of the 21st century, not
my favorite.
>> Interesting. So, there are some
favorites on
>> Oh, man. You're doing that thing.
>> I, you know.
>> All right. So,
>> this matters.
>> Well, now we got to What is the
difference?
>> Well, I think there are
>> because I know what you mean, but I
think we got to say
>> I think certain films I just love and
rewatch. And I think I could speak about
them and and and speak for them till the
day is done. And yet, if we're talking
about the greatest films of the last 25
years, I'm kind of thinking about
something other than entirely my taste,
>> which which doesn't mean that I'm going
to grab things that I don't have any
passion for or that I don't absolutely
adore in some way. It just means
basically
>> basically it's a different list when you
>> basically it just means Miami Vice is
not on my list. But Miami Vice by
Michael Man.
>> Listen, I got to I might have to leave
the room. Just truly the hottest movie.
>> Hot [__] Woo.
>> Yeah.
>> But I But what I'll say before you go is
that I my list is a is probably a mix.
And you're going to kill me, but I I
have a Miami Vice on my list. The thing
that Miami Vice does for you, you know,
the movie that does it for me. Yeah.
>> Is like like it's Miami Vice is number
two to this movie. Go.
>> Okay. So number 10,
Zidon, a 21st century portrait by
Douglas Gordon and Philip Wow.
>> Wow. Okay. This great documentary about
the the soccer player.
>> Um yes, I mean documentary isn't even
quite the thing, but yes. Uh number
nine, I'm cheating. A tie of two things
I think of a dipic
>> especially if they go together. Go
>> inside Luen Davis and A Serious Man.
>> Oh, I love that for you. I think those
are two sides of a coin.
>> They definitely are. Go keep it. Uh
>> eight 35 shots of rum. Claire Claire
Deni
>> seven camera person Kirsten Johnson.
>> Oh, Eric. That is that is the Eric
Hinesest number seven of all time.
>> Uh number six, Saki New York. Charlie
Kaufman.
>> Charlie Kaufman, writer of Eternal
Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. An
adaptation. Two Spike Jones movies on
the list. Number six.
>> Number five.
>> Number five. Sorry.
>> Hail County this morning, this evening.
Romel Ross.
>> Wow. This is This is a real you list. I
love it.
>> You had me on the show. You can invite
somebody else on the show.
>> I don't want anybody else. I want this.
>> Number four, The New World. Terrence
Malik.
>> Yeah, these are all But the reason I'm
saying that it's such a you list is uh
these are all movies that you have like
just done the Fourth of July at me.
with how much you love them. Number
three,
>> AI, artificial intelligence, Steven
Spielberg.
>> Uh, number two, another tie, but an
actual dip tick, which we have already
mentioned, The Act of Killing and The
Look of Silence by Joshua Oppenheimer.
>> Okay, great.
>> And number one, In the Mood for Love, W
Car.
>> What? What?
>> You
>> I've live within this film and I've
lived within it for 25 years. Oh, I'm
I've written about it bad for being so
flipping about
>> I've written about it three times. Come
on.
>> I didn't realize that it would be first.
This is fascinating to me. Um yeah,
>> basic but but like can you just let's
just talk about a little bit what the
movie even is.
>> So what is In the Mood for Love? Uh In
the Mood for Love is uh Juan Carl Wise
um
>> you could call it nostalgic, you could
call it heartsick. uh heart sick is good
>> story of uh two uh folks who uh each of
their partners is in an affair with each
other and so they become aware of this.
They live next door in a a Hong Kong
apartment complex and they um kind of go
somewhere between pantoiming what it
would be like to be in an affair since
they're living in the shadow of of their
partners being in an affair and actually
falling in love. And so you're basically
seeing two people like in this kind of
like proximity of love and never really
getting a chance to kind of cross the
chasm. Um but it is also that's one way
of talking about it. It's another way of
talking about it is an in incredible
elaborate portrait of Hong Kong and Hong
Kong in transition that doesn't even get
at like what people really love about
this film
>> which is that it's just hot and
beautiful.
>> It's hot and beautiful and um the most
like textural sort of
>> you want to touch everything. You want
to lick everything. You want everything
to touch you. You want to wear
everything.
>> It is It is
>> politically pungent and like
>> one of the more tactile movies I've I've
ever watched.
>> Um
>> I'm just I don't know. I just did not
see that being the first movie.
>> And it's a film where like like there
are these gestures which just make me
think I It's one thing to sort of live
in a film and love it and and and want
to watch scenes. It's another thing that
there are certain gestures and movements
of body that I think about on a daily
basis.
>> I think about the way that the sort of
Adam's apple moves in somebody's throat
when they talk because
>> Tony
>> of a shot of that in that film
>> there's ways that sort of people turn
their necks in certain clothing like
this is just it it's made its way so far
deep into my awareness of the world that
it's kind of hard to even compare.
>> Yes. Wong car absolute galactic
sensualist. Um, okay. You did it.
>> What? Give me. Give me.
>> It's my turn.
>> Give me.
>> Number 10. Magic Mike XXL.
>> I know how you feel about that film. I
love the way that you've spoken and
written about that film, but for those
who are not aware, why is that the 10th
best film of the 21st century?
>> It's basically The Odyssey
with
uh G-strings.
[Applause]
Women are
controlling the story without men even
realizing it. Right.
>> Hello, beautiful.
>> You down for a little fun tonight?
>> These men exist for women's pleasure,
but in this movie, unlike the first one,
they are talking about what it means to
be in control of that pleasure.
>> Sure. And the men are like, "Yeah, we
are here for your pleasure."
>> And they get pleasure from it.
>> And we love that.
>> I I would say more, but I should go to
number nine.
>> Love and Diane.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Um, one of my very favorite movies by
Jennifer Dwarkin. The story of a mother
and her daughter trying to just stay
alive in this country. Um,
number eight, Inherent Vice. Paul Thomas
Anderson's one of my favorite
filmmakers.
I could not make a list without him on
it. Um, number seven, The Holy Girl, um,
by Lacricia Martell. Number six is
Moonlight. Um, number five, Wall-E is so
full of In the Mood for Love, Adam's
apples to me. Things I just think about
all the time. things that are both The
movie is insanely romantic but
incredibly
realist in its pessimism about us being
trusted to be stewards of ourselves.
>> It is just an astonishing
beautiful movie about cataclysm.
Cataclysm that we are making Yeah.
>> right now as we sit in this in this room
and talk. And it's wild how in such a
short span of time certain things that
it was preient about they're already
happening. Like it's already happened.
>> It seemed mean.
>> Yeah.
>> In 2000 in 2008, but now it's just it's
beyond the truth.
>> It isn't mean enough.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> number four, OJ Made in America.
Made by a person who I know very well,
but it doesn't matter because it's just
one of the great movies, period. A movie
so good it it changed the Academy Awards
qualifications for what a documentary is
when it can be entered into the for the
for the for consideration for the award.
>> It broke the machine.
>> Yes.
>> Um I will note that's on the reader poll
and not on uh makers poll.
>> Thank you 200,000 readers for knowing
what's up. Um number three, the piano
teacher.
No Michael Hanukkah on this list after a
more
>> that's true
>> kind of surprised but he's really not
for everybody which means he's also kind
of not for most people.
>> Piano teacher one of the most profound
viewing experience I've ever had. The I
actually uh had to leave the theater to
go to sit on the bathroom floor cuz I
thought I was going to faint
>> and then returned and watched the movie
because it was so good. I don't remember
him telling me this, but yeah, this is a
Michael Hanukkah movie about a with
Isabelle Lupair giving I think the
greatest performance of this quarter of
the 21st century. I mean, definitely top
three.
>> Um, as a woman who's obsessed with a man
who proceeds to just break her soul and
then she basically fights to get it
back. I don't know. That seems like a
very loose encapsulation of what this
movie is. Um, number two, MadMax Fury
Road. One of the great movie going
experiences of my life. If I talk about
it, I will cry. Um,
>> wait, so
make you cry?
>> Yeah.
>> Why? Um,
I think this might be the one of the
greatest
movies about
living under a patriarchy ever made. Um,
and I don't use a term like patriarchy
loosely at all. Um, I don't really use
it at all. Um,
I love a movie and Moholland Drive is
one of these movies. Wall-E is one of
these movies. There will be blood is one
of these movies where the essentially
the filmmaker flips the record over and
you get a new record. You get it like
another side. There's side two and side
two is very different from side one. Um,
but they're corresponding to each other.
Mad Max Fury Road.
It was one of the greatest moviegoing
experiences of my life in part because I
didn't know what I was watching. The
visual chaos, the mayhem, everything
that's famous about it. But there was
something about, oh my god, it's
happening right now.
There's something about the moment where
they get to the desert. They're
finished. It's over. They're done.
Furiosa lady, you did it. You won. You
have found these women. They're going to
protect you and take care of you if
memory is serving. But she decides,
"Fuck this [__] We're going back."
>> We go back.
>> H
back?
>> Yeah.
>> I thought you weren't insane anymore.
>> What are they saying?
>> He wants to go back from where they
came. Citadel and the whole movie where
they almost die trying to get where they
got, they have to reverse. And George
Miller plays the movie backwards. They
have to make the same movie
to go back.
It is just Oh my god, it's [__]
happening.
I can't I can't explain it. Like it is
just such um I don't know what in my
soul that movie has access to. I don't
know what happened to me that makes that
I think I'm the child of a single
mother.
>> Mhm.
>> I am the child of a person who would
have done anything to protect me.
>> And this movie is all about women
protecting women.
>> Yeah.
>> And women protecting women at all costs.
Even if some of them die along the way,
like to put a stake in the heart of this
evil, it is worth it. It is worth it,
man. That movie is just And also, it is
just
it's a movie. It just work. You could
turn the sound off on that movie. You
should not because
that is some real sound mixing and
editing right there. But you could turn
the sound off on this movie and still be
and still have it magnetize you. But oh
my god, that movie. Holy [__] [__]
So yeah, tears. Sorry.
Did you cry?
I didn't. But I totally I 100% knowing
you actually you're like wondering why
what in you like I totally makes
complete sense and it's gorgeous and
wonderful and makes me want to revisit
the film with that honestly like the way
I am as a viewer the next time I watch
it I'll be thinking about that and I'll
start crying before the halfway point
because I'll be anticipating the
significance of coming back.
>> How did nobody die making that movie?
>> It's insane.
And number one, Norte, the end of
history.
>> Incredible.
>> Um,
>> talk to us about Norte.
>> Man, it's 4 hours and 10 minutes. I'll
start there because I don't want anybody
to get the wrong idea. Um, it is
basically a crime and punishment story.
It's the story I mean, I I'm going to
give this movie a plot and people are
going to watch it and be like, "Yo,
it's a lot of clothes on this skinny
little body." But the plot of this movie
is a guy is essentially accused of
murder. He did not commit it. But it is
ultimately about what it is like. This
is a Philippine. This is a movie from
the Philippines. Lav Diaz is the
director. It came out in 2013, I want to
say. And it's just an extraordinary
experience in the passage of time both
for the suffering people that you know
the main character who is basically
locked up and for us watching this time
pass. You don't feel it for one moment.
I watched this movie Eric I have stood
up and clapped one time in a movie
theater. It was for this.
>> No, it's two times. The other time was
death proof at the end. It's got a great
ending.
Be careful. My right arm's broken.
>> Oh, you want some?
>> Tarantino did it. That's my Tarantino.
But
>> that's my Tarantino.
>> That's my Tarantino. Um,
I love your Can I tell you like what I'm
thinking as I go and making these lists?
Yeah.
>> I feel like what I do when I'm coming up
with the 10 movies, knowing full well
what a joke it is, cuz there's, you
know, I can do a 100 movies. Um,
I kind of want them to all have
different textures. M
>> um I kind of want them to be about
different things and I want them to be
singular unto themselves but also kind
of somehow
um workable with each other,
>> right? Like Magic Mike has nothing to do
with OJ Made in America. Um and Norte,
the end of history has nothing to do
with like inherent vice and yet
they feel right as a little movie
family. I like that.
>> And I I just want them to all be doing a
different thing. I like it's like a
little movie album to me.
>> I can't help but I I love that. I love
the idea of a movie album and in some
ways like you're kind of curating a set
>> for people to
>> Yeah. And I think what it says about you
is that you were committed to a kind of
ethics of of of film making. I think
that like these are movies by people who
understand the power of
what it means to tell stories about
other people's stories and lives. I'm
also like less of a genre person and
more of a formalist in the idea of how
like I'm I'm always going to respond to
and things are going to stay with me
when uh the form is being kind of
reinvented in front of my eyes because
this is what this artist and this is
what this storyteller needs to do to get
to this properly to get the story
properly to get to the subject properly.
That's always going to work for me. So
like um kind of hitting the mark is
great. I love it. It's pleasurable. But
if you're going to actually create a
mark that I didn't even know existed and
then do something to get to that mark
that I didn't foresee,
>> I'm going with you. That they're
basically just showing me things that
another filmmaker in another form has
never shown me. And so when I think
about 21st century, it's almost like
there's like this is a is a way of
seeing that in the previous century I
wasn't privy to. So this is also part of
it. I think the business has suffered in
the last 10 years and it's much much
harder for these films to kind of make
their way. I think that this the artists
are still out there. The audiences are
actually still out there but there's no
business to support it at this moment.
>> I mean
what you're saying is that is reminding
me of the thing that I actually find
kind of heartening about the list.
Right. You got 200,000
plus people
taking the time
to think through
the movies that mean the most to them,
the the truly absolute greatest movies
of the last 25 years,
saying, "We want complexity.
We want character.
We're here for the darkness. We're here
for the joy. We are here for three
hours. We're here for two hours. We're
here for weirdness. We're here for
incoherence. We're here for vibes.
>> We're here for vision. You're talking
about a business that is
sort of turning away from the things
that made it
addictive, important, culture shaping,
culture changing, reflective of and
capable of making us see
who we are, could be.
What does an executive do? Are there
executives looking at this list and
thinking
uh
well um
>> the same executives who were seeing
sinners do what it did this season and
go
>> being mad at Ryan Cougler for doing it.
>> [__]
why are you doing that? You're making us
look bad. That's what they do. I mean
I'm not surprised at all. All the things
you said about what what what these
lists say are what I I mean I've worked
in exhibition for the last 10 years.
years. I was a critic before that, but
the last 10 years I've been working with
basically
>> very good, very important critic, I
would say.
>> Showing films to audiences and
>> no comment,
>> whatever. Um, but uh but I appreciate
it. Thank you. But um uh showing films
to audiences and seeing audiences with
an appetite for complexity, for
darkness, for difference, for being
challenged. And and I think the idea
that the audience wants to be
challenged, the audience wants to be
taken somewhere they don't expect, I
think is a truism. and I think has not
changed. It's just not it's not easy
business, you know. It's a it's a
riskier thing to do because you're going
to strike out, you know. Um and you
know, the 60s and 70s were filthy with
films with like lots of strikeouts by
really prominent people, really talented
people, but they had the opportunity to
strike out. That's not really the case
anymore.
Listen,
I am holding this list of hundred
movies.
Somebody green lit these MFs.
>> Yep.
>> I mean, they're not all studio movies.
Thank God.
>> Yeah.
>> But it is proof that our popular
entertainment
can also mean as much as our unpopular
entertainment. Y
>> studio executives
You got to do better.
This list is really I called it a call
to arms. I didn't really know what I
meant when I wrote that and said it.
Talking to you, Eric. I know now.
Like I'm not saying we got to storm
anything, but this list these lists,
both these lists to me are proof of
a need, a hunger, a willingness to
be taken somewhere new.
>> Like that's all the success of Sinners.
That's the only lesson anybody should
learn from this movie. Just just throw a
curveball.
Stop sending it straight over the plate.
Just
I don't know, change your finger
position just a little bit.
>> You can also be specific and have mass
audience come with you.
>> Yeah,
>> you can actually make it from a
perspective that is not obviously
universal and a universal audience will
actually go with it. This is what the
magic of cinema is. This is the magic of
storytelling is that you can do that.
You don't have to make a four quadrant
picture that takes in what your
perception of the every person out there
is. You can make something specific that
everyone will respond to.
>> Okay, we got to go. But I love lists.
Look what they do.
They just bring all this crazy stuff
out. They bring out a lot of feelings. I
mean, this is this is what you and I
have been this right here.
>> Mhm. You know, normally the way this
goes is we go to dinner,
we then afterwards we we do we have this
conversation over a beer. Uh I did not
feed you. I did not get you a beer. Uh
I'll do that right now. But I also am
thinking as we go like
you and I met in a video store. I don't
know how we would be friends today. Mhm.
>> But it also occurs to me that we're
basically doing our video store work
right now.
>> Yeah. And in the store, this was the
employee pick.
This was the shelf where it would be
Wesley's employee picks and there'd be
10 titles on there that you'd be
recommending.
>> This is my This is my long list. This is
my This is my long list of my top 10.
This is I mean this is as close as
you're going to get to employee picks
now. At least about movies.
All right, Eric.
>> Thanks for coming.
>> Thank you, Wesley.
>> I really appreciate it.
>> A blast. Love you, too.
>> Yo, it's Wesley again. You watched
another episode of Cannonball. I'm just
here to say, why don't you try like,
sharing, and subscribing. Thanks.